#Muhammad Yousaf Iqbal

Unit 10 Practice Problems (Unit 11 Day 1 mini-practicum)

The goal of these "mini practica" is to give you practice with coding problems
similar to those that you will see on the midterm practica. You will be 
required to solve each problem with minimal assistance. You should use these
mini-practica as an opportunity to gauge your preparedness for the exams.

You should create all of your required files in this folder along with these
instructions.

Each mini-practicum counts as a homework assignment. 
====================================================
You have been provided with a file named music.py that contains some code to 
help you solve the following problems. A class defined in this code handles 
time duration, which is often recorded in hours, minutes, and seconds. A 
function that takes in a Time instance and returns a string in colon format 
(e.g. 3:12:36) has also been provided. In main you can create a Time instance 
and print it to see it work.

1. Every song has a title, recording artist, and running duration. Create a 
class Song that encapsulates this information. You must use slots and all 
attributes must be instance specific.

In main, create a Song for at least 3 tracks of your favorite album. You can 
estimate the duration if not known.

2. Music albums have a title, artist (sometimes various), some number of tracks, 
and a total running duration. Create an Album class that properly encapsulates 
this information. The tracks and song lengths will be added after the album's 
creation. You must use slots and all attributes must be instance specific.

Create a function to add a Song to the album. Whenever the album is updated 
with a new Song, recalculate the album's length. Be sure to handle when times 
added together exceed the boundary of the time component (e.g. minutes).

3. Write a function that prints all of the information about an album. Each 
track should appear on it's own line. 

4. In main, create an Album based on your favorite album. Add all of the tracks 
from activity 2 to the album and then print the album.

#Done